General:
The "mpm_client" is intended to show how you can
programatically control the functionality of the
"minipluginmanager" library.

There are two revisions to this application.

1. "mpm_client" which assumes all operations from start.
    In this revision of the application, the only modes
    of operation are controlled via command line
    arguments upon startup.

    + You may issue the flag "-n" such that all
      resources created by any plugin are created in
      IoTivity's non-secure mode (i.e. no DTLS
      encryption is used for the representation of
      that particular resource).
        (If this flag is not passed in, all
         resources will be created in IoTivity's
         secure mode (all requests/responses will
         use DTLS encryption).
    + You may issue the flag "-f" such that only one
      plugin will be loaded with the name specified
      immediately after the flag.
        (If this flag is not passed in, a file
         named "plugin_load_list.txt" needs to
         reside at the same level as this
         application.)

    + Operations assumed by the "mpm_client" are as
      follows:
        - You want to perform discovery only once,
          and it happens at startup.
        - You allow any resource the plugin wants
          to create to be created within IoTivity.
        - Note: This arrangement is particularly
            good for POCs or demos.

2. "mpm_client_sarr" which awaits user input before doing
    anything.
    In this revision of the application, you will be
    prompted with CLI controls to flex the
    minipluginmanager library's APIs.


What does the file "plugin_load_list.txt" do?

    Every line in this file must contain a valid plugin
    library name (e.g. "liblifxplugin.so"). The
    "mpm_client" application will load each plugin
    individually.

What does the file "plugin_load_list.txt" file need to be populated with?

    As an example(without spaces, tabs, or qoutes):
        "
            liblifxplugin.so
            libhueplugin.so

        "

    Note: This version of the "plugin_load_list.txt" file
    would load two plugins. You can place as many as you'd
    like.
